# Comp_442
Project requirements and artifacts for grading In general, this assigned project can: (1) Be done in a language of your choosing. (2) Be web-based or an app (but you supply your own hardware). If you are unable to finish all requirements from the provided document, it is understandable. However, you need to show what you have done and make sure the artifacts you have made are complete and correct. *If you have chosen an alternative project, that project must: --Have appropriate scope for the size of your team over the term. --Have a Graphical User Interface (GUI). --Have some portion that is used by a person. --Have at least one customer that you can communicate to gather requirements from. That project must not: --Be trivial. --Be static web pages or screens. --Be a game (unless permitted by the instructor). --Harm the security or privacy of users/bystanders. --Be used by minors (as the primary users). There will be a set of project artifacts that should be turned in upon the completion. The artifacts include: (1) Project Plan. Example: the GitHub repository will be created, the project folder structure devised, and the overall schedule of the project and roles will be provided. You do not have to use GitHub if you have any other alternatives. (2) Software Requirements Specification: functional and nonfunctional requirements will be presented using text-based and graphical notation. (3) Software Design Document: the design for the project will be presented using both text and graphical notation (UML). (4) Test Plan (including test cases): The overall test plan and test cases will be presented and status maintained. (5) Final Project Presentations: Each team will do a presentation of their project covering (1)(2)(3)(4), AND provide a demonstration of the project (implementation) to the class. (We will closely monitor the health conditions. This requirement and format of presentation may be subject to change.) Grading is based on the output of the above five artifacts.
